DOC-3406: Fixed links in CE 4.5 - Developing CorDapps section (#263)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.5/enterprise/cordapps/database-management.md

but the existing data needs to be preserved or changed accordingly.

In Corda Enteprise, CorDapps’ custom tables are created or upgraded automatically based on

> Database Management Scripts written in [Liquibase](../../../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.5/enterprise/node/operating/node-database.html#liquibase-ref) format and embedded in CorDapp JARs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database Management Scripts written in [Liquibase](../../../../../../../en/platform/corda/4.5/enterprise/node/operating/node-database.html#database-schema-objects-management) format and embedded in CorDapp JARs.
```
